README.md, before:

# Code Refactor: HTML CSS Git Challenge

## Description
This challenge is to understand and practice identifying semantic and non-semantic html and how it affect and reflects within the webpage and files that are associated with the webpages. 

I performed a code refactor for the webpage from non-semantic to semantic html and provided. This solved a nosemantic html code to be legible in a semantic format of html, which is provides labels for the code's structure and feature it produces. I learned the importance of semantic html terminolgy  that help produce a legible code for developers to analyze in their respected elements. 

## Table of Contents

N/A

## Installation

N/A

## Usage

N/A

## Credits

Starter code:
https://github.com/coding-boot-camp/urban-octo-telegram

Coding BootCamp Curriculum:
© 2022 edX Boot Camps LLC. All Rights Reserved.

## License

N/A

## Badges

N/A

## Features

N/A

## How to Contribute
N/A

## Tests
Here is the live link to Pages: [Horiseon|Bootcamp-Challenge-1|Code-Refactor](https://chasqui10.github.io/Bootcamp-Challenge-1/)

Commit message:

README.md|Image add of live webpage

README.md, after:

# Code Refactor: HTML CSS Git Challenge

## Description
This challenge is to understand and practice identifying semantic and non-semantic html and how it affect and reflects within the webpage and files that are associated with the webpages. 

I performed a code refactor for the webpage from non-semantic to semantic html and provided. This solved a nosemantic html code to be legible in a semantic format of html, which is provides labels for the code's structure and feature it produces. I learned the importance of semantic html terminolgy  that help produce a legible code for developers to analyze in their respected elements. 

## Table of Contents

N/A

## Installation

N/A

## Usage

N/A

## Credits

Starter code:
https://github.com/coding-boot-camp/urban-octo-telegram

Coding BootCamp Curriculum:
© 2022 edX Boot Camps LLC. All Rights Reserved.

## License

Reference to the Repo.

## Badges

N/A

## Features

N/A

## How to Contribute
N/A

## Tests
Here is the live link to Pages: [Horiseon | Bootcamp-Challenge-1 | Code-Refactor](https://chasqui10.github.io/Bootcamp-Challenge-1/)

Here is an image of the live Page for the challenge: ![Image of the Webpage](./assets/images/Pages-live-code-refactor.png)
